ARO-16361 update the development RP docs to include MIWI (#4191)
Azure/ARO-RP: docs/deploy-development-rp.md

   SECRET_SA_ACCOUNT_NAME=rharosecretsdev make secrets
   ```

1. Create your own RP database (if you don't already have one in the $LOCATION):

    * The following command can be used to check whether a DB already exists
        ```bash
        az deployment group list -g "$RESOURCEGROUP" -o table | grep "databases-development-${AZURE_PREFIX:-$USER}"
        ```

    * This is how you create one, if needed
      ```bash
      az deployment group create \
        -g "$RESOURCEGROUP" \
        -n "databases-development-${AZURE_PREFIX:-$USER}" \
        --template-file pkg/deploy/assets/databases-development.json \
        --parameters \
          "databaseAccountName=$DATABASE_ACCOUNT_NAME" \
          "databaseName=$DATABASE_NAME" \
        1>/dev/null
      ```

> ### Service principal setup

Reviewer: One more thing we might want to change that I didn't notice before:
```suggestion
### Mock MSI setup required for MIWI installs
```
The mock MSI is indeed a service principal but I'm worried that it might cause confusion with CSP cluster installations / be interpreted as something you have to do to create a CSP cluster.

Alternatively, can we just move the content of this section to the "MIWI setup" section? That would work too.

Author: Added, thanks for that clarification!

   - `RP_MODE`: Set to `development` to use a development RP running at
     https://localhost:8443/.
   
### MIWI setup

1. Create a resource group for your cluster and managed identities

1. Source the local dev script and run the command to set up the wimi env file for you

   ```bash
   source ./hack/devtools/local_dev_env.sh
   CLUSTER_RESOURCEGROUP=<your cluster resourcegroup> create_miwi_env_file
   ```

1. Ensure that the following environment variables were set in your env file, and re-source it:

   - `MOCK_MSI_CLIENT_ID`: Client ID for service principal that mocks cluster MSI (see previous step).
   - `MOCK_MSI_OBJECT_ID`: Object ID for service principal that mocks cluster MSI (see previous step).
   - `MOCK_MSI_CERT`: Base64 encoded certificate for service principal that mocks cluster MSI (see previous step).
   - `MOCK_MSI_TENANT_ID`: Tenant ID for service principal that mocks cluster MSI (see previous step).
   - `PLATFORM_WORKLOAD_IDENTITY_ROLE_SETS`: The platform workload identity role sets (see previous step or value in `local_dev_env.sh`).

1. Connect to the VPN and populate the platform workload identity role set definitions to your CosmosDB instance

>    **Note** if installing 4.15 you will need to change your local `PLATFORM_WORKLOAD_IDENTITY_ROLE_SETS` env var to 4.15

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note** if installing a version other than 4.14, you will need to change your local `PLATFORM_WORKLOAD_IDENTITY_ROLE_SETS` env var to point to your desired version.
```

   - `go run ./cmd/aro update-role-sets`

1. Add a new installable OCP version to your local RP instance. This version should be a 4.14.38+ or 4.15.35+ version and use one of the current aro-installer images in our INT repo

>    - for 4.15

Reviewer: Can we add coordinates for 4.16 as well now that it's been made available?

   [1]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/openshift/tutorial-create-cluster

### Create a MIWI cluster

1. Ensure the required environment variables are set:

   - `make aks.kubeconfig`
   - `export ARO_INSTALL_VIA_HIVE=true` : instructs the RP to use hive to install clusters
   - `export HIVE_KUBE_CONFIG_PATH=$PWD/aks.kubeconfig` : where to look for the kubeconfig

1. Ensure that the required platform workload identities were created in your resource group. If they haven't been, run `./hack/devtools/msi.sh`

   - aro-cloud-controller-manager
   - aro-ingress
   - aro-machine-api
   - aro-disk-csi-driver
   - aro-cloud-network-config
   - aro-image-registry
   - aro-file-csi-driver
   - aro-aro-operator
   - aro-Cluster

1. Assign an additional role to your cluster managed identity

>    - `az role assignment create --role /subscriptions/fe16a035-e540-4ab7-80d9-373fa9a3d6ae/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/roleDefinitions/97c5b690-69b4-49a5-aa0a-3a685c28e3e6 --scope "/subscriptions/$AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID/resourceGroups/$CLUSTER_RESOURCEGROUP" --assignee $MOCK_MSI_OBJECT_ID`

Reviewer: Looks like we can pull this step out at this point. This was a workaround to assign a custom role that was put in place due to a missing permission in a built-in role, but since then the permission has been added and the `msi.sh` script should already take care of doing the correct role assignment.
